d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\View\Outliner.baml
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\View\Outliner.g.cs
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\TestMVVMWindows_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\TestMVVMWindows_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\TestMVVMWindows.exe.config
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\TestMVVMWindows.exe
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\TestMVVMWindows.pdb
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\App.baml
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\TestMVVMWindows.g.resources
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\TestMVVMWindows.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\TestMVVMWindows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\TestMVVMWindows.exe
d:\пользователи\chernyatevich_v\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\TestMVVMWindows.pdb
d:\Пользователи\chernyatevich_v\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\View\Viewport.baml
d:\Пользователи\chernyatevich_v\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\View\Viewport.g.cs
d:\Пользователи\chernyatevich_v\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\View\WindowProvider.baml
d:\Пользователи\chernyatevich_v\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\View\WindowProvider.g.cs
d:\Пользователи\chernyatevich_v\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
d:\Пользователи\chernyatevich_v\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
d:\Пользователи\chernyatevich_v\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
d:\Пользователи\chernyatevich_v\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
d:\Пользователи\chernyatevich_v\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
d:\Пользователи\chernyatevich_v\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
D:\Пользователи\chernyatevich_v\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\TestMVVMWindows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Пользователи\chernyatevich_v\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\bin\Debug\HotWind3D.exe.config
D:\Пользователи\chernyatevich_v\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\HotWind3D_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Пользователи\chernyatevich_v\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TestMVVMWindows\TestMVVMWindows\obj\Debug\HotWind3D_MarkupCompile.lref
